{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\par
Olive Magazine, 2015. \i easiest-ever-british-cake-recipes.\i0 [electronic print] \i  \i0 Available at: <{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.olivemagazine.com/recipes/collection/easiest-ever-british-cake-recipes/"}}{\fldrslt{https://www.olivemagazine.com/recipes/collection/easiest-ever-british-cake-recipes/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 >  [Accessed 31 July 2025]\par
Sheela Prakash, 2019. \i 10 of the Most Beautiful Cakes We Made in 2017 .\i0 [electronic print] \i  \i0  Available at: <{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thekitchn.com/10-of-the-most-beautiful-cakes-we-made-in-2017-252670"}}{\fldrslt{https://www.thekitchn.com/10-of-the-most-beautiful-cakes-we-made-in-2017-252670\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 > [Accessed 31 July 2025]\par
Christina's Cucina, 2020.  Coffee and Walnut Cake, a Classic British Cake for Afternoon Tea\i . \i0 [electronic print] \i  \i0 Available at :<{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.christinascucina.com/coffee-and-walnut-cake-a-classic-british-cake-for-afternoon-tea/"}}{\fldrslt{https://www.christinascucina.com/coffee-and-walnut-cake-a-classic-british-cake-for-afternoon-tea/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 >  [Accessed 31 July 2025]\par
Alice, 2021. \i persona 5 joker birthday cake\i0 .  [image online] Available at: <{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pinterest.com/pin/persona-5-joker-birthday-cake--694117361300704345/"}}{\fldrslt{https://www.pinterest.com/pin/persona-5-joker-birthday-cake--694117361300704345/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 > [Accessed 31 July 2025]\par
Isabella, 2024. \i Understanding Cakes: FAQs on Genres, Pastries, and More!\i0 . [electronic print] Available at: <{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://recipessmile.com/understanding-cakes/"}}{\fldrslt{https://recipessmile.com/understanding-cakes/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 >  [Accessed 23 August 2025]\i\par
\i0\par
} 
Lyndsey Matthews, 2017. 20 of the Most Beautiful Homemade Cake Decorating Ideas. [electronic print] Available at: <https://www.countryliving.com/food-drinks/g531/homemade-cake-decorating-ideas-0508/> [Accessed 22 September 2025]
 